Intel® TensorFlow* Model Zoo Inference With FP32 Int8 readme update (#1469)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-samples: AI-and-Analytics/Features-and-Functionality/IntelTensorFlow_ModelZoo_Inference_with_FP32_Int8/README.md

# `Intel® TensorFlow* Model Zoo Inference With FP32 Int8` Sample

The `Intel® TensorFlow* Model Zoo Inference With FP32 Int8` sample demonstrates how to run ResNet50 inference on pretrained FP32 and Int8 models included in the Model Zoo for Intel® Architecture.

| Area                  | Description
|:---                   |:---

> | What you will learn   | How to perform TensorFlow* ResNet50 inference on a synthetic data implementing FP32 and Int8 pre-trained model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| What you will learn   | How to perform TensorFlow* ResNet50 inference on synthetic data using FP32 and Int8 pre-trained models.
```

| Time to complete      | 30 minutes
| Category              | Code Optimization

## Purpose

> The sample intends to help you understand some key concepts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample intends to help you understand some key concepts:
```

>   - Providing a demonstration of the AI workloads and deep learning models Intel has optimized and validated to run on Intel hardware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - What AI workloads and deep learning models Intel has optimized and validated to run on Intel hardware.
```

>   - Show how to execute, train, and deploy Intel-optimized models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - How to train and deploy Intel-optimized models.
```

>   - Allow you to start running Intel-optimized models on Intel hardware in the cloud or on bare metal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - How to start running Intel-optimized models on Intel hardware in the cloud or on bare metal.
```

> **Disclaimer**: The sample and supplied scripts are not intended for benchmarking Intel platforms. For any performance and/or benchmarking information on specific Intel platforms, visit [https://www.intel.ai/blog](https://www.intel.ai/blog).

## Prerequisites

| Optimized for   | Description
|:---             |:---

> | OS              | Ubuntu* 18.04 or higher

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| OS              | Ubuntu* 20.04 or higher
```

> | Hardware        | Intel® Core™ Gen10 Processor <br> Intel® Xeon® Scalable Performance processors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Hardware        | Intel® Core™ Gen10 Processor <br> Intel® Xeon® Scalable Performance processors <br> Intel® Data Center GPU Max Series <br> Intel® Data Center GPU Flex Series
```

| Software        | Intel® AI Analytics Toolkit (AI Kit)

### For Local Development Environments

You will need to download and install the following toolkits, tools, and components to use the sample.

- **Intel® AI Analytics Toolkit (AI Kit)**

  You can get the AI Kit from [Intel® oneAPI Toolkits](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/tools/oneapi/toolkits.html#analytics-kit). <br> See [*Get Started with the Intel® AI Analytics Toolkit for Linux**](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/documentation/get-started-with-ai-linux) for AI Kit installation information and post-installation steps and scripts.

>   TensorFlow* is ready for use once you finish the Intel® AI Analytics Toolkit (AI Kit).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  TensorFlow* or Pytorch* are ready for use once you finish installing and configuring the Intel® AI Analytics Toolkit (AI Kit).
```

#### Activate Conda with Root Access

By default, the AI Kit is installed in the `/opt/intel/oneapi` folder and requires root privileges to manage it. However, if you activated another environment, you can return with the following command.
```
conda activate tensorflow
```

#### Activate Conda without Root Access (Optional)

You can choose to activate Conda environment without root access. To bypass root access to manage your Conda environment, clone and activate your desired Conda environment using the following commands similar to the following.

```
conda create --name user_tensorflow --clone tensorflow
conda activate user_tensorflow
```

#### Navigate to Model Zoo

Navigate to the Model Zoo for Intel® Architecture source directory. By default, it is in your installation path, like `/opt/intel/oneapi/modelzoo`. 

1. View the available Model Zoo release versions for the AI Kit:
   ```
   ls /opt/intel/oneapi/modelzoo

>    1.8.0  latest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2.11.0  latest
```

   ```

> 2. Navigate to the [Model Zoo Scripts](https://github.com/IntelAI/models/tree/master/benchmarks) GitHub repo to determine the preferred released version to run inference for ResNet50 or another supported topology.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what the point of this step is. If the user clicks on this link in github, it will take them to the master branch of the online version of model zoo, which is almost always ahead of what is in AI Kit.  TBH, the `latest` step below is the best option unless we want to update this page with every AI Kit release like so:
```suggestion
2. Navigate to the [Model Zoo Scripts](https://github.com/IntelAI/models/tree/v2.11.0/benchmarks) GitHub repo to determine the preferred released version to run inference for ResNet50 or another supported topology.
```

The link above is not live, but it is the version that we are dropping into AI Kit 2023.1.1.

   ```
   cd /opt/intel/oneapi/modelzoo/latest
   ```

> #### Install Jupyter Notebook

Reviewer: I think this step should be before `Navigate to Model Zoo` and After `Activate Conda...`

```

> conda install jupyter nb_conda_kernels

Reviewer: This step *fails* in DevCloud because my instance runs out of memory. It looks like I need to run a job on qsub? But that doesn't make sense for an installation.....
```(tensorflow) u164637@login-2:/opt/intel/oneapi/modelzoo/latest$ conda install jupyter nb_conda_kernels
Collecting package metadata (current_repodata.json): done
Solving environment: failed with initial frozen solve. Retrying with flexible solve.
Solving environment: failed with repodata from current_repodata.json, will retry with next repodata source.
Collecting package metadata (repodata.json): - ERROR conda.auxlib.logz:stringify(163):
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/glob/development-tools/versions/oneapi/2023.0.1/oneapi/intelpython/latest/lib/python3.9/site-packages/conda/auxlib/logz.py", line 157, in stringify
    requests_models_Response_builder(builder, obj)
  File "/glob/development-tools/versions/oneapi/2023.0.1/oneapi/intelpython/latest/lib/python3.9/site-packages/conda/auxlib/logz.py", line 135, in requests_models_Response_builder
    content = dumps(resp, indent=2)
  File "/glob/development-tools/versions/oneapi/2023.0.1/oneapi/intelpython/latest/lib/python3.9/json/__init__.py", line 234, in dumps
    return cls(
  File "/glob/development-tools/versions/oneapi/2023.0.1/oneapi/intelpython/latest/lib/python3.9/json/encoder.py", line 201, in encode
    chunks = list(chunks)
MemoryError
failed

CondaMemoryError: The conda process ran out of memory. Increase system memory and/or try again.

Process exceeded login node resource limit.
Please run jobs on compute nodes using qsub or start an interactive shell using qsub -I.
Please visit the forums at: https://software.intel.com/en-us/forums/intel-devcloud```

   >4. Copy and paste the URL address from the host into your local browser.

3. Locate and select the Notebook.
   ```
   ResNet50_Inference.ipynb
   ```
4. Change the kernel to **Python [conda env:tensorflow]**.
5. Click the **Run** button to move through the cells in sequence.

### Run the Sample on Intel® DevCloud (Optional)

1. If you do not already have an account, request an Intel® DevCloud account at [*Create an Intel® DevCloud Account*](https://intelsoftwaresites.secure.force.com/DevCloud/oneapi).
2. On a Linux* system, open a terminal.
3. SSH into Intel® DevCloud.
   ```
   ssh DevCloud
   ```
   > **Note**: You can find information about configuring your Linux system and connecting to Intel DevCloud at Intel® DevCloud for oneAPI [Get Started](https://devcloud.intel.com/oneapi/get_started).

4. You can specify a CPU node using a single line script.
   ```
   qsub  -I  -l nodes=1:xeon:ppn=2 -d .
   ```

   - `-I` (upper case I) requests an interactive session.
   - `-l nodes=1:xeon:ppn=2` (lower case L) assigns one full GPU node.
   - `-d .` makes the current folder as the working directory for the task.

     |Available Nodes |Command Options
     |:---            |:---

>      |GPU	            |`qsub -l nodes=1:gpu:ppn=2 -d .`

Reviewer: I would not list this option if it is not supported.

     |CPU	            |`qsub -l nodes=1:xeon:ppn=2 -d .`

> 5. Activate conda. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Activate conda. 
` $ conda activate`
```

> 6. Follow the instructions to open the URL with the token in your browser.

Reviewer: Um.... What instructions?

> 7. Locate and select the Notebook.

Reviewer: At this point in the DevCloud optional flow, I'm on a xeon node with 
```
u164637@s001-n018:~$ pwd
/home/u164637
```
